Update data-explorer-deprecation-notice.md (#127036)
Azure/azure-content: articles/synapse-analytics/data-explorer/includes/data-explorer-deprecation-notice.md

ms.subservice: data-explorer
---
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Azure Synapse Analytics Data Explorer (Preview) will be retired on October 7, 2025. After this date, workloads running on Synapse Data Explorer will be deleted, and the associated application data will be lost. We highly recommend [migrating to Eventhouse](/fabric/real-time-intelligence/migrate-synapse-data-explorer) in Microsoft Fabric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Azure Synapse Analytics Data Explorer (Preview) will be retired on October 7, 2025. After this date, workloads running on Synapse Data Explorer will be deleted, and the associated application data will be lost. We highly recommend [migrating to Eventhouse](/fabric/real-time-intelligence/migrate-synapse-data-explorer) in Microsoft Fabric.

```

> The Microsoft Cloud Migration Factory (CMF) program accepts customer nominations from the Microsoft account team, to help customers migrate to Fabric. CMF provides hands-on keyboard resource(s) at no-cost to the customer. Hands-On keyboard resource(s) are assigned for a period of 6-8 weeks with an agreed scope. Customers can also use [this form](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=v4j5cvGGr0GRqy180BHbR0PMD-G9mq1Kry22u32eGOtUQ1pWQVIyUU9USDBXSjUwQ1E0NEJCMExORC4u) to request help directly from the CMF team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Cloud Migration Factory (CMF) program is designed to assist customers in migrating to Fabric. The program offers hands-on keyboard resources at no cost to the customer. These resources are assigned for a period of 6-8 weeks, with a predefined and agreed-upon scope. Customer nominations are accepted from the Microsoft account team or directly by submitting a [request for help](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=v4j5cvGGr0GRqy180BHbR0PMD-G9mq1Kry22u32eGOtUQ1pWQVIyUU9USDBXSjUwQ1E0NEJCMExORC4u) to the CMF team.
```
